refactor(lane_change): refactor lane change parameters (#9403)
autowarefoundation/autoware.universe: planning/behavior_path_planner/autoware_behavior_path_lane_change_module/README.md

| :------------------------------------------------------- | ----- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| `collision_check.enable_for_prepare_phase.general_lanes` | [-]   | boolean | Perform collision check starting from the prepare phase for situations not explicitly covered by other settings (e.g., intersections). If `false`, collision check only evaluated for lane changing phase. | false         |
| `collision_check.enable_for_prepare_phase.intersection`  | [-]   | boolean | Perform collision check starting from prepare phase when ego is in intersection. If `false`, collision check only evaluated for lane changing phase.                                                       | true          |
| `collision_check.enable_for_prepare_phase.turns`         | [-]   | boolean | Perform collision check starting from prepare phase when ego is in lanelet with turn direction tags. If `false`, collision check only evaluated for lane changing phase.                                   | true          |

> | `collision_check.check_current_lanes`                    | [-]   | boolean | If true, the lane change module check objects on current lanes when performing collision assessment.                                                                                                       | false         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `collision_check.check_current_lanes`                    | [-]   | boolean | If true, the lane change module checks objects in the current lanes when performing collision assessment.                                                                                                       | false         |
```

> | `collision_check.check_other_lanes`                      | [-]   | boolean | If true, the lane change module include objects on other lanes. when performing collision assessment                                                                                                       | false         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `collision_check.check_other_lanes`                      | [-]   | boolean | If true, the lane change module includes objects in other lanes when performing collision assessment.                                                                                                       | false         |
```
